{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red219\green44\blue56;\red255\green255\blue255;\red65\green182\blue69;\red65\green85\blue209;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\csgenericrgb\c85900\c17100\c21900;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c25500\c71400\c27000;\csgenericrgb\c25500\c33300\c81900;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Tournament IDs- \
Valspar-			df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82\
Mexico-				deb641b0-3480-42d0-bbcb-46f19d469fc3\
Honda Classic- 	
\f1 428592ba-b0e9-4de3-b90c-59e08a52359a\
Shell Houston-		efa623e0-36a9-4644-b5a1-c1276c8f04b5\
Masters-			c0f3aba7-ead2-41bb-8b84-0dbf39370099\
\

\f0 \
\

\f2\fs24 \cf2 Tournament Schedule-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://api.sportradar.us/golf-[access_level][version]/schedule/[golf_tour]/[year]/tournaments/schedule.[format]?api_key=\{your_api_key\}
\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/schedule/pga/2017/tournaments/schedule.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/schedule/pga/2017/tournaments/schedule.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm}}\
\
Tournament Tee Times-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://api.sportradar.us/golf-[access_level][version]/teetimes/[golf_tour]/[year]/tournaments/[tournament_id]/[teetime_type]/[round_number]/teetimes.[format]?api_key=\{your_api_key\}
\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/teetimes/pga/2017/tournaments/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/teetimes/pga/2017/tournaments/df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82/Rounds/1/teetimes.json?api_key=}}
\f0\fs26 \cf5 \CocoaLigature0 7u7dbzq8trnxccu7zb2s3hnf
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
Tournament Leaderboard-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://api.sportradar.us/golf-[access_level][version]/leaderboard/[golf_tour]/[year]/tournaments/[tournament_id]/leaderboard.[format]?api_key=\{your_api_key\}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/leaderboard/pga/2017/tournaments/df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82/leaderboard.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm"}}{\fldrslt https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/leaderboard/pga/2017/tournaments/df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82/leaderboard.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/leaderboard/pga/2017/tournaments/df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82/leaderboard.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm"}}{\fldrslt https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/leaderboard/pga/2017/tournaments/df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82/leaderboard.json?api_key=}}
\f0\fs26 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 7u7dbzq8trnxccu7zb2s3hnf
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Daily Change Log- \

\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://api.sportradar.us/golf-[access_level][version]/changelog/[golf_tour]/[year]/[month]/[day]/changes.[format]?api_key=\{your_api_key\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/changelog/pga/2017/04/04/changes.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/changelog/pga/2017/04/04/changes.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm}}
\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Player Profile-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/schedule/pga/2017/players/profiles.json?
\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/schedule/pga/2017/players/profiles.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/schedule/pga/2017/players/profiles.json?api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm}}\
\
\
Official World Golf Ranking-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://api.sportradar.us/golf-[access_level][version]/players/wgr/[year]/rankings.[format]?api_key=\{your_api_key\}
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f2 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/players/wgr/2017/rankings.json?
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 api_key=u4thm6q3payb9kw6sp8yq3sm\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Year\
Tournament\
Round\
\
\
api_key=\cf5 \CocoaLigature0 7u7dbzq8trnxccu7zb2s3hnf\
\
\
\
\pard\tx321\pardeftab321\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf6       \cf7 // URL USED WHEN TESTING TEE TIMES- VALSPAR RD 4\
\cf6         \cf7 // let pairingURL = URL(string: "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/teetimes/pga/2017/tournaments/df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82/Rounds/4/teetimes.json?api_key="}}{\fldrslt \cf8 https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/teetimes/pga/2017/tournaments/df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82/Rounds/4/teetimes.json?api_key=}}" + apiKey)!\
\cf6       \
      \
      \cf7 // URL FOR LEADERBOARD\
\cf6       \cf7 //let scoresURL = URL(string: "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/leaderboard/pga/2017/tournaments/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 https://api.sportradar.us/golf-t2/leaderboard/pga/2017/tournaments/}}" + "df42e950-c6a7-4b3d-8b93-41efa1bfdf82" + "/leaderboard.json?" + apiKey)!\cf5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\
\pard\tx321\pardeftab321\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
 for index in 0...(allLeaderboardPlayersArray.count - 1) \{\
 let playerOneInPairing = allPairingsArray[indexPath.row]["playerOne"] as? String\
 let playerTwoInPairing = allPairingsArray[indexPath.row]["playerTwo"] as? String\
 let playerThreeInPairing = allPairingsArray[indexPath.row]["playerThree"] as? String\
 \
 let playerinLeaderboard = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["name"] as? String\
 \
 if playerOneInPairing == playerinLeaderboard \{\
 \
 cell.playerOneRoundOne.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundOneScore"]! as? String\
 cell.playerOneRoundTwo.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundTwoScore"]! as? String\
 cell.playerOneRoundThree.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundThreeScore"]! as? String\
 \} else if playerTwoInPairing == playerinLeaderboard \{\
 \
 cell.playerTwoRoundOne.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundOneScore"]! as? String\
 cell.playerTwoRoundTwo.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundTwoScore"]! as? String\
 cell.playerTwoRoundThree.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundThreeScore"]! as? String\
 \
 \} else if playerThreeInPairing == playerinLeaderboard \{\
 \
 cell.playerThreeRoundOne.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundOneScore"]! as? String\
 cell.playerThreeRoundTwo.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundTwoScore"]! as? String\
 cell.playerThreeRoundThree.text = allLeaderboardPlayersArray[index]["roundThreeScore"]! as? String\
 \
 \
 \} else \{\
 // Do Nothing\
 \}\
 \}\
 }